Back substitution with !! (#78)
intel/he-toolkit: kit/README.md

cd kit
./hekit.py [--config CONFIG_FILE] {init, list, install, build, fetch, remove}
```

> where the options and the inputs files are explained in the following sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the options and input files are explained in the following sections.
```

### Flags

`-h, --help`: Shows the help message.

`--version`: Displays Intel HE toolkit version.

`--config CONFIG_FILE`: Defines a [configuration file](#configuration-file). Default is `~/.hekit/default.config`.

`init`: Initializes hekit.

`list`: Lists installed components.

> `install RECIPE_FILE`: Installs components defined in [recipen file](#recipe-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`install RECIPE_FILE`: Installs components defined in [recipe file](#recipe-file).
```

> `build RECIPE_FILE`: Builds components defined in [recipen file](#recipe-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`build RECIPE_FILE`: Builds components defined in [recipe file](#recipe-file).
```

> `fetch RECIPE_FILE`: Fetches components defined in [recipen file](#recipe-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fetch RECIPE_FILE`: Fetches components defined in [recipe file](#recipe-file).
```

`remove component instance`: Uninstalls a specific component.

> `--recipe_arg "key=value"`: Optional argument to replace data marked as !key! in a [recipen file](#recipe-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--recipe_arg "key=value"`: Optional argument to replace data marked as !key! in a [recipe file](#recipe-file).
```

### Configuration file

The configuration file defines the working directory where the libraries will be available, for instance:
```
repo_location = "~/.hekit/components"
```
The toolkit provides [default.config](../default.config) file that can be used as a valid option for --config argument.

### Recipe File

> The recipe File is a TOML file that defines the libraries and the required actions to install them, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recipe file is a TOML file that defines the libraries and the required actions to install them, as shown in the following example:
```

```
[[library]]
skip = false
version = "!version!"
name = "v1.11.6"
init_fetch_dir = "fetch"
init_build_dir = "build"
init_install_dir = "build"
export_install_dir = "install"
fetch = "git clone https://gitlab.com/library/library-release.git --branch %name%"
pre-build = """cmake -S %init_fetch_dir%/library-release -B %init_build_dir%
               -DWITH_INTEL_HEXL=ON
               -DHEXL_DIR=$%hexl%/export_cmake$"""
build = "cmake --build %init_build_dir% -j"
post-build = ""
install = "cmake --install %init_install_dir%"
# Dependencies
hexl = "hexl/1.2.3"
```

> The [recipes](../recipes/) directory contains the usual files to set up a working enviroment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [recipes](../recipes/) directory contains default recipes for setting up a working environment.
```

> #### Back Sustitution in a recipe file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Back Substitution in a recipe file
```

> The specfic value of a pair (key = "value") in the recipe file can be reuse in others sections of the file. That can be achieved using the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of the pair (key = "value") in the recipe file can be reused in other sections of the file. This can be achieved using the following options:
```

> %key% : it will be replaced with the string value of a key defined in the same section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
%key% : back substitute a value from within the same instance.
```

> $key$ : similar as %key%, but it must be used when replacing dependecies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$component/instance/key$ : back substitutes the `key` from a specific instance.
```

> !key! : it will be replaced with a string defined from a external source. If --recipe_arg is not set, there will be a prompt message asking about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!key! : back substitute a value defined from an external source. If `--recipe_arg` is not set, the user will be prompted to provide a value.
```
